Admissions & Aid
Join our diverse, vibrant community of talented Terps. We welcome top students from around the state, nation and world and strive to make a high-quality Maryland education affordable to all. 

Outside Iribe Center with students walking around
68%
of all freshmen received some form of financial aid

 2022-23 admission cycle

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Students walking up and down steps. Bus in background with "Fearlessly Forward"
A diverse, vibrant community of 41,000+ students

$236M
in financial aid awarded

2022-23 admission cycle

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Group of students having a discussion in a classroom with red walls
Undergraduate Admissions

Terrapins are smart. Most admitted freshmen earned primarily As and Bs in high school and challenged themselves with honors, Advanced Placement, International Baccalaureate and Advanced Level Exams courses.

Successful transfer applicants have strong grades in rigorous academic courses and have completed freshman-level English and math. Our most successful admitted transfer students earned a B average or better.

Learn more
Undergraduate Tuition & Financial Aid
College is an investment in your future. The University of Maryland is here to help make it affordable, offering a wide variety of need-based and merit scholarships for in-state and out-of-state students.

Learn more
A bronze statue of a diamondback terrapin on top of a stone pedestal with the word "Testudo" engraved
Need-Based Aid

Terrapin Commitment

The Maryland state flag flying in the wind against a light blue sky
Merit-Based Aid

Banneker/Key Scholarship

Red brick buildings on the UMD campus sit behind wide walkways cutting across green lawns and trees with yellow and orange leaves
Need-Based Aid

Maryland Promise Scholarship Program

A group of young people gathered outside on a green lawn, each of them wearing a red t-shirt with white numbers "20+"
Need-Based Aid

C. D. Mote, Jr. Incentive Awards Program

A professor talking to a student in a technical lab. They are discussing a simulation with an electric bike.
Graduate Admissions

Our graduate programs provide limitless opportunities to test ideas, launch or advance careers, and do good for society, all in a location that offers unparalleled access to major research, policy and arts institutions and national and international decision makers.

You’ll collaborate with peers and world-class faculty and conduct innovative research to become a leader in your field.

Graduate Admissions
Graduate Student Funding
Information on graduate school scholarships, assistantships and fellowships

Learn more
Professor in class, students from the back of the class
Find Your Program

Our 12 schools and colleges offer a robust array of academic specialties, including more than 70 ranked among the top 25 nationwide, according to U.S. News & World Report.

100+
undergraduate majors

230
graduate programs

Undergraduate Programs
Graduate Programs
A large letter "M" filled with red flowers on a green hillside on the UMD campus
Visit UMD
Tour our top-notch facilities. Have a scoop of homemade ice cream at the Dairy. Rub a Testudo statue’s nose for good luck. Get all your questions answered. It won't be hard to picture yourself at home here.

Plan a visit
Application Information
Bright blue skies, above students out and about along lush green lawns, and sun washed red brick
Apply as a First-year Undergraduate Student

People covered in bright colored powders as part of a Diwali celebration
International Students

We support Terps from abroad, answering questions and easing their transition for a successful educational, professional and personal experience.

Someone typing on a laptop with a shell sticker on it
Transfer Students

We value the talents, accomplishments and experiences of transfer students. Here are resources designed to make transferring to UMD easier.

University of Maryland Seal
Application Deadlines
For best consideration, Fall applicants for undergraduate admission should submit all materials by the Early Action deadline of Nov. 1. See all other deadlines for different types of applicants.

See deadlines
M lawn